Add collection:refresh (#83)
kuzzleio/sdk-java: doc/3/controllers/collection/refresh/index.md

---
code: true
type: page
title: refresh
description: Forces an Elasticsearch search index update
---

# refresh

> When writing or deleting documents in Kuzzle, the update needs to be indexed before being available in search results.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When writing or deleting documents in Kuzzle, it can take up to 1 second for search indexes to be updated, making the changes available in search results.

This API route forces an immediate refresh of search indexes.
```
